hello youtube this is xbox360 hacker and
let's make this quick because I have
like no memory on this camera so here's
what we're fixing ever 1603 Oh sixteen
hundred and ten from iTunes if you're
restoring and error and error 21 when
you're restoring those can errors can be
a pain in the ass
so that this is why I'm making a video
and this can scare the out of you
if you paid a lot of money for your
iPhones like the 4s one you can't get
out of recovery because of the dumb
restore errors so I'm fixing all three
of those here today so here's what you
need to do first make sure it's plugged
into the computer since I already fixed
mine yesterday because it was stuck in
recovery and I kept getting all those
errors so I fixed it because it used to
be jailbroken oh and by the way if you
have sixteen hundred to six hundred and
ten errors and you've never jailbroken
your device don't watch this video
because this is only if your device has
ever been jailbroken because my device
isn't jailbroken right now so you don't
need to have it at the moment like if
you just keep getting that error it's
because your device was ever jailbroken
so don't be like oh you need a jailbreak
for this you don't need a jailbreak you
just need a hat it at one point so when
you plug it in you want to pull up this
thing tiny umbrella I'll teach you guys
how to get this and I'll teach you guys
how to get this after I explain these so
here's tiny umbrella right here why
don't you pull this up you go to wait it
shouldn't it should pop up like this
it'll be in general you go to advanced
you go to update don't click this ever
just a tip if you ever think this would
be cool if you update this your Apple
will then apple will not accept it if
you ever break your iPhone because it
will see that your baseband has changed
and that's modifying it which will void
the warranty so here's what you need to
do you these boxes don't worry about the
boxes I have checked an object only
where
about this one right here it should be
checked like this if your device has
ever been jailbroken and you want to fix
the 1600 it even says it if you need a
clean restore from Apple I'll check this
box so I need do is uncheck it and there
you go you fix the 1600 he's 66 you fix
the 1600 errors so I just took off all
this I'm just reading hold on okay okay
so hmm okay yeah here's what we're doing
next
forever21 this is very simple um
forever21
don't be in recovery mode when you're
restoring just do this you have to hold
on let's do this hold these two buns I'm
not doing it because I'm not risking
breaking this again so do this at your
own risk it's not my problem if your
device breaks or anything so you hold
these two down for 10 seconds right you
hold these two down these two buns for
10 seconds get ready after like the
ninth second and make sure you let go of
this never let go of this then when the
recovery mode just goes blank like one
of the connector I - just disappears
when you're still holding this that's
good that means it's in DFU mode to even
prove it hold this button and it still
will not turn on and that's how to fix
that at 21 because when you're in DFU
mode you'll be able to plug it in
restore without that or 21 and if you
ever get stuck in recovery mode that's
if say you actually only held these two
buttons in the wrong way and you got it
stuck in recovery and and you kick in
you keep getting like a different type
of error for itunes here's how you get
out but this is only if you never wanted
a restore in the first place on tiny
umbrella it's simple just click exit
recovery it worked for me the the latest
iPhone 4s 5.0 point
one a 406 I think I've missed one letter
from that but I don't think that'll be a
problem
so there you go right there
that's tiny umbrella now how'd it get
tiny umbrella I don't think I could set
links from uploading this from an iPod
so here it is right here sorry from
shaking too much so HTTP colon slash
slash the firmware umbrella dot blog
spot.com slash so yep here it is and
then when you get on this site just go
right down to download links whatever
you have click on it this is obviously
mine so there you have it I hope I
helped you guys out and have fun with
your new eye device that's not breaking
but before I leave comment rate and
subscribe goodbye YouTube